hey what's everybody mr. speaker
Hempstead New York they were going to
review the black cat sentence we should
come out this Saturday which is 12 the
box price now has gone up
it is 170 calling the box is black
varsity wit and white use
she originally came out in 97 98
it's another Tinker Hatfield shoe he
modeled this shoe after a black panther
that's where it gets the same the black
cat really kind of shows up really
mostly here on the bottom you can see
how it looks like a paw print how its
shaped here after the cat and also here
on the side panels here where they got
the whisker indentions for whiskers on a
cat and then you got the hologram here
the green for the other cat's eye
the Panthers eyes so that's got the
theme of the shoe the shoe I think was
first retro to think in 2004 so that's
the second time it's come back out and
we had some third teens think it was
last January I think the last 13 had
come out and they had was a little run
on those previously back into them 2011
into 2012 but it's been about a year
that we had a 13-2 come out just to go
over the shoe they didn't use a 3m here
this is just like a silver stitching
they use on the side panel here just
look at the red suede here coming into
the midsole with the black
there's nice tumbled leather gear in the
toe box which is nice
red Jumpman right there on the tongue
top of the tongue you got that
iridescent Jumpman 23 in there shows up
on with a deaf plastic ball get the
suede wrapping all around back here it's
still literally a nice looking shoe even
though that freedom is not on there
the reason why they took it off but it
still has that little bit of that
quality of that period Essen look at
that 3m can do so it's still nice good
looking shoe he's definitely gonna be a
sellout show you both volleyball branch
right there they have on the shoe it's
got this I know this one they put the
zoom here technology into the shoe got
the carbon fiber plate underneath here
little red iridescent jump man down
there this is definitely a good-looking
shoe
these are really nice is one my favorite
I think it's black hundred thirteen
black cats hope some people call him the
bridge for the black and red
individually that's a black cat let me
show you some stuff that came along with
this he'll even pull a hat yet we've got
a lot of clothing that we got with this
show it to you pieces listens let's that
claw the other Panther right there all
in black kind of like a red one better I
think it looks a little nicer these two
t-shirts from Nike or $34 here you got
the 113 that was 1998 and so the black
half their salary that's a nice look
there what's really nice is this uh
gives me a hat let's see with the
pricing so there's a brand new suit
matrix the shoe it's a really nice nice
material it's kind of like a little soft
mesh material this is a really nice suit
this top is 95 and I think the bottom is
80 so ton of stuff I dollars but it's
nice it's really nice to pursue got a
buddy on it and I got that red and red
and black just twisting around the arm
almost like how the midsole is here I
know it's got a little bit like a down
so I share the pain got a little design
also get on the fan
show your idea of it tonight I was
always looking for clothing here's a
couple hats we got thrown at the end and
also have a couple hats - oh my this is
our Long Island hat snapback right then
we've been great with the shoe
of course we put a bull's up there it
would be fitting for the to 113 that's
it guys no no no if I take that back of
that I will shoot a show I didn't show
you on the last video
let me grab some
okay okay we got to to air for these are
the Godzilla shoes these are 90 bucks
he's a really nice got the purple one
here in this red-and-blue that's nice
and shoot this is nice also $90 of all
patent leather Air Force low black 90
bucks that's a that's definitely
different shoe and I like to shoe a lot
the sella black oh this is pretty cool
this is the turf jet a zoom turf jedidah
this is one that 1997 issue came out to
turf jet 97 so showing you back in the
Jordan that's one use that technology
this shoes $140 it's got that kind of a
brownish color coming through with nice
look at you he's up here to show you
here this is a definitely og traditional
155 when from 140 145 out of 155 she's
the great and Max 95 neon green give me
also there but access to the 90s this
one is the hair for strong I think this
is exact or strong I forgot myself now
um think these are 130 nose I have to
Strong's is they're too strong
and here's an effect I'm sorry this is
they are too strong this that David
Robinson shoot this is a nice you I just
got this in today these are these are
the one that 150 I think these are 130
not for sure but let's check on the
website for this one but this one is
really hot because it's the Dave
Robinson $250
I forgot what year this came out but
these are hot I like these a lot
I'm 50 and this is just to infrared 90
these 120 dollars these are nice but I
think the nicest ones that are both this
is the real OG one that your max 90 OG
these are also 120 you can kind of tell
on how that poly urethanes already kind
of turned colors that's how the original
one came out so that follow your things
is known to do is they've already got it
turning on if you give it a real OG look
but uh there you go I like that's it
I've got a rush through this with a lot
of people want to come in the store so I
think the next one I'll do is probably
the other five why black and red fives
will we'll do a video on take your last
look in here the red black cats are
teens and that's it streak you're out